hi guys I don't don't another time of
the best and today I'm gonna show you a
blitz Frank guide yeah that's right a
blitzkrieg ride so may be wondering why
are we making a blitzcrank guide well
blitzcrank is my most played champion in
ranked so I guess you know I'm pretty
good with the blitzcrank so this is some
constant what you should also play his
grant is pretty much free when I'm his
grab genius games one grab can win you
the game that just how it is even if
you're behind on grab can win the game I
mean that just how good blitzcrank is he
is really fast it's really tanky see see
how all we take me out ultimate is a
science to is a hook his D is a knocker
this w is a speed boost and what more
can you ask for yeah just because of us
awesome kid and mostly because of his
grab is one of the most funnest chance
to play it's I mean you should really
stop picking them up but then you may be
wondering what we're from God buying I
don't know what's bull this stuff what
what what I'm going to do well I'm gonna
show you right
so let's go you can actually match
whatever you want and it's pretty much
and these are the things that they can
do if you max your cue you'll get cool
down and more damage on the chief course
get max your w will get more attack
speed and get more movement speed if
your matter e it will only get more cool
down out of it and you know you're
ultimately i'm usually all always maxi
at level 6 11 and 16 so you know i will
talk about Alton grill so most of the
times I makes my cue but if I like
monster and Lane and stuff I imax eat
and if i wanna go for rooms and max domi
I mean you can really max whatever you
want but if you're not that confident
and hitting your looks then I suggest
you to mix your e cuz that cool down is
going to get really low any deals tons
of damage so now when you're maxed your
abilities what the hell will do when you
will do these camels if you want to go
safe this is the first cambo use the
doubling the speed boost soon and just
run to them mm-hmm then you use your eat
knocking up day they can't flush away if
they term enough enough don't flash away
then you will just kill them but if they
do flash away you can grab them
easy p and then the second he just
grabbed them but the second is much
harder because it's hard to grab the
first ones much much safer but you know
you can also do the segment and grab
them you en they get knocked up it in
terms of them and you just use your w
ultimate then you know their pyramids
are going to die because that combo just
turns to them yes special when your
ultimate is a silence what I say it's a
silent yeah so they can't flash away
when they are silenced this is good so
your first off you begin with our
relative okay then you go with the word
I don't know really what it's called
it's a picture of it bracket oh yeah
it's called sides them so you go for the
system then you go for the boots of
mobility mm-hmm then there are some
options you gotta build tanky first of
your book those three items that sell
that I said then you go tanking
something you session some suggested
items in their ad and they're like eight
carries Wilfred of F day like toppling
of lip liner
online jungler remembers poor me maybe
bronze the bronze better something my
rear so if i ad is fed then you can boom
either frozen mallet I'm for the hot or
iced Benghazi both of these are really
good because you know why you passive it
does like when you're below twenty
percent HP you'll get a shield and that
is based off fifty percent of your
manner if you got like a thousand manner
then you will get 500 at 500 shield to
get 500 more HP I mean does that is
really good so i really suggest it to do
them if they are like a p-bass then you
go for medical systems the this lorry
item is really good the slower item is
the item that looks like a bird if you
didn't know and if they are mixed damn
you go for like an ice cream gauntlet
i'll ask lori and for a warm-up so the
warm-up is the last I have a stack
wingman something it's that's pretty
much watch it built now let's move on to
the masteries and I really use these
masteries for all tanker support they
can maybe see like up there and left
that it's named tanking supports because
I use them on like wrong Leona
blitzcrank Trish and
on these champs and they're really good
so just copy this and you'll be really
good up so this action was pretty damn
fast if you want another guy to make
sure to leave them in the comments below
and like what champion stuff and of
course make sure to leave a like comment
subscribe I don't see they got someone
next episode Bobby